805 explain missing router (#854)
np-guard/vpc-network-config-analyzer: pkg/ibmvpc/examples/out/explain_out/NACLExternal3_all_vpcs_explain.txt

==========================================================================

No connections from Public Internet 100.128.0.0/32 to vsi1-ky[10.240.10.4];

> 	connection is blocked due to ingress and missing external router

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	connection is blocked at ingress and because there is no resource for external connectivity
```
"router" is not the right term here

Author: done
